DTFile use V3 version as default (#14858)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

    ## DTFile format
    ## * format_version = 2, the default format for versions < v6.0.0.
    ## * format_version = 3, the default format for v6.0.0 and v6.1.x, which provides more data validation features.
    ## * format_version = 4, the default format before v7.3.0, which reduces write amplification and background task resource consumption

>     ## * format_version = 5, the default format for v7.4.0 and above(introduced in v7.3.0), which reduces the number of physical files by merging smaller files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## * format_version = 5, the default format for v7.4.0 and later versions (introduced in v7.3.0), which reduces the number of physical files by merging smaller files. 
```
